refactor: 🚚 rename from batches to staging (#1762)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/design/interface/inputs.qmd

    support or consider all the wide variety of formats data can be stored or
    structured in. Because data processing and organizing can be so strongly
    dependent on the domain, we leave this to the user to handle.

Staging directory

> :   Data for a specific data resource that is tidied and staged from the raw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Data for specific data resources that are tidied and processed from the raw
```
- if we are talking about the `staging` folder itself and not the nested folders
- to use a word other than "stage"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:   This directory contains data for data resources that are tidied and processed from the raw
```
Added first part to align with the other sections + added Marton's suggestions

    data. These are bulk collections of data that are processed together. This
    `staging/` folder is where the data is stored before it is processed and
    saved in the `data.parquet` file. This folder makes the history between raw

>     data and data ready to be saved into the final data resource clearer. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    data and the final data resource clearer. This
```
This makes a bit more sense to me because these are the two endpoints

    can help with troubleshooting issues that may arise during data entry or
    processing or for auditing purposes. The default location is
    `./staging/<resource-name>/`.

Staging files

:   These are [Parquet](https://decisions.seedcase-project.org/why-parquet/)

>     files that store data in a structured, columnar format. These files are

Reviewer 2: As commented in `data-pkg-guide`, to me it makes more sense to link to Apache Parquet in a place like this and then add a link to the decision elsewhere. For example: 
```suggestion
:   These are [Parquet](https://parquet.apache.org/)
    files that store data in a structured, columnar format (see our [decision post](https://decisions.seedcase-project.org/why-parquet/) for why we use Parquet files). These files are
```

    created when timestamped raw data has been tidied and processed in
    preparation for being added to a data resource. These files are usually kept

>     in the file path that looks like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    in a file path in the format
```

>     `staging/<resource-name>/<timestamp>.parquet`. Staging files in `staging/`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `staging/<resource-name>/<timestamp>.parquet`. Files in `staging/`
```
